MTM-60761 - RN: Latest measurement values don't work for "*" (#2483)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-585-0-latest-measurements-wildcard.md

---

> date: 2024-10-07

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date:
```

Reviewer: The date will be synchronized with the deployment of the version on Zone 1.

> title: Fixed latest measurement values tenant option with wildcard key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Latest measurement values tenant option now works with wildcard character
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-60761
version: 10.20.585.0
---

> Fixed tenant option used to enable [latest measurement values](https://cumulocity.com/docs/standard-tenant/managing-data/#latest-value) not working with the wildcard (`*`) key. After the fix the wildcard character can be used to enable latest measurements for all series:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the tenant option which is used to enable [latest measurement values](https://cumulocity.com/docs/standard-tenant/managing-data/#latest-value) was not not working with the wildcard (`*`) character. With this change, the wildcard character can be used to enable latest measurements for all series:
```
